Fixes #7212 - Updates about_Special_Characters (#7221)
MicrosoftDocs/PowerShell-Docs: reference/5.1/Microsoft.PowerShell.Core/About/about_Special_Characters.md

## Vertical tab (`v)

> The horizontal tabs (```v``) effect is device and terminal dependant. Here
> are _some_ examples from different terminals:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The vertical tab (`` `v ``) character advances to the next vertical tab stop
and writes the remaining output at that point.
The rendering of the the vertical tab is device and terminal dependent.
```

```powershell
Write-Host "There is a vertical tab`vbetween the words."
```

> The following example shows the output of a default terminal in Windows. The
> terminal interprets ```v`` as the `♂` character with no extra spacing added.
> 
> ```Output
> There is a vertical tab♂between the words.
> ```
> 
> The following example shows the output of [Windows Terminal](https://www.microsoft.com/p/windows-terminal/9n0dx20hk701).
> The ```v`` character acts as a carriage return character and the rest of the
> output is printed on the following line.
> 
> ```Output
> There is a vertical tab
> between the words.
> ```
> 
> The following example shows the output you would get on a printer or in a unix
> based console host. The vertical tab (```v``) character advances to the next
> vertical tab stop and writes the remaining output at that point.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The following examples show the rendered output of the vertical tab in some common environments.

The Windows Console host application interprets (`` `v ``)  as a special character with no extra spacing added.

```Output
There is a vertical tab♂between the words.
```

The [Windows Terminal](https://www.microsoft.com/p/windows-terminal/9n0dx20hk701) renders the vertical tab character as a carriage return and line feed. The rest of the
output is printed at the beginning of the next line.

```Output
There is a vertical tab
between the words.
```

On printers or in a unix-based consoles, the vertical tab character advances to the next
line and writes the remaining output at that point.
```
